---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Pineapple is not apple, so JavaScript is not Java
date: 2018-08-31
labels:
  - JavaScript
  - Learning
---

I found a new word “JavaScript” while I was answering to my question, “what is the most in-demand programing languages to learn?” There were a lot of different answers, but JavaScript and Java were often mentioned as important programing languages. I was total newbie to programing at the time; just took only ICS 110M. I kept searching the difference between JavaScript and Java, and found a key. “Java is to JavaScript as ham is to Hamster" Okay, then why do JavaScript and Java have similar names?

## Believe It or Not
According to Fossbytes, JavaScript had changed its name often such as ECMAScript, Mocha, Livescript, and finally became JavaScript that was inspired by popular programing language name, Java; JavaScript hitched a ride on the back of Java truck. 

## The First Impression of JavaScript
Through my first one-week experience with JavaScript, I realized that it is difficult to learn if I study in same way I did for Java and C++ languages. JavaScript is simple, sometimes it is too simple, so I question to myself ‘am I doing right?” I think I throw into confusion because JavaScript is not following the such general rules I used to follow in Java. 
Using var keyword is an example, and the code as below is from freeCodeCamp.  
var someVar = "Hat";
function myFun() {
  var someVar = "Head";
  return someVar;
}

The function will return “Hat” in Java and “Head” in JavaScript unless let or const keywords are used instead of var keyword. JavaScript is flexible because it does not care data type and scope of the variable. So, I think that coding in JavaScript can be easy, but also can be risky to make a messy code. The truth is JavaScript takes a shortcut.

Reference: 
https://fossbytes.com/javascript-name-why-java
https://learn.freecodecamp.org/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/global-vs--local-scope-in-functions




